OK, so this is a document of the record of the application that I have intended to build. The application will serve as an Assistant of job seekers.
 The problem with the current job market is it has become very competitive according to Austin Balcek's Website cultivatedculture.com, Live events and social media posts, There are several milestones of a perfect resume that one should complete. The resume should have a specific name format. The resume should have a specific design, a sequence of content, action, powers, action words, hard skills, and soft skills. Also from several career gurus, Submitting a typical resume based application won't take far. One needs to send cold emails to reach out to people that have power over the rule that one is applying for.
 Also, there should not be one resume for all job so based on company job title job position company location the resume should be modified crafted or rewritten. For example, if in the front and react this job market of Poland, If there is 30 job post with different shiny design designations, the resume should get update for each one of them. The title on the resume should get updated. Based on the designation mentioned in the job post the soft scale. The core scale should get re-ordered reorganized added, hidden or removed based on the skill defined in the job description, as well as from the Coffee chat. So what needed is a job seeker need to send batch cold email to a bunch of job opening from bunch of companies from bunch of countries but the batch email should get personalized for each job post. The email should have a specific format and should be personalized for each job post. Personalization such as mentioning recipient name, mentioning the job title, mentioning the company name, mentioning the location mentioning the scale. These should be personalized on each old email. Also, the resume a job seeker Should send along with the email have to be personalized too. The file name and the title on the resume should get updated based on the job description, The skills should get reordered based on the job description, the experience section should get re-ordered based on the job description.


 So the idea is, I will create a micro saas, That will take a URL from the Google sheet. first, the user will pick a specific page or multiple pages from the Google sheet. People will have different rows in the sheet. So what will happen is a user will share the link of Google sheet that is readable via link once the link is being added the application will verify whether it can get the data or not if the application can get the data that will mean that the sheet is accessible via URL once we get that application will show each and every single Header from the Google sheet, then the next flow of the application will be, Creating an email template there will be a rich text editor which a user can use to write his email template in different format in as many format as he want and on that flow he will also have at least or a section of available headers from the Google sheet. On that section, there will be a refresh button, Apple clicking on which we will get the latest list of headers and update that section. So the user can craft his email template, using a text editor along with adding up Variables from the headers of Google sheet.  After successfully creating the email template the user will have a resume editor screen on his next step. The resume editor will be exactly the same as flowCV. What extra facility the resume editor will have is a user can personalized the file name based on his preferences. Available option for personalis the name would be putting on timestamp putting on user's first name and last name, Tags from sheet headers.
 To give more context over the UI of how the flow city looks like:
 There is a left panel to add content or edit the UI and modify the view, and there is a right panel as a preview of the resume.


The left panel will have a list of all the available components that can be added to the resume.




The left panel should have two tabs, one should be content and another should be customized. 
on the content tab, there should be two content items available by default. One is basic information and the other is about the me section then there will be a button with plus icon  and the button content should be a text "add content “.  clicking on the button should open a model which will have 14 different types of content item. The content item will be collapsible.  clicking over the content, heading will collapse or expand the section. These 14 items should be:
1. Education: show of your primary education college degree and extension semesters.  The education section  should have the list of education that has been created and users can change the section title. Also users can change the icon of the section on the content area.  each item of the education will be editable clicking on the education item itself will open the editing form.  the edit or create education form will be similar or exactly the same. The form should have six  input fields.  first one is the school name with a prefix button of adding link the second input field will be the degree then the  start date, end date,  location finally description. The description should be a rich text editor field.  although it will be a minimal rich text editor.  the text editor will have five buttons  only.  one for making the text bold one for metallic one for underline one for text alignment either left or right or center,  one for unordered list,  finally  one button for adding links.
2. Professional experience: A place to highlight your professional experience, including internships:  expanding the experience section will show the list of experiences with Draggable icons.  user can re-order the experiences based on their  preferences. each experience item should have the dragon icon on the left then a specific pairing then the job  design designation with company name splitting by a comma.  on the right end,  there should be an eye icon,  representing  wether this experience should be visible or not.  clicking over each experience  should open the edit experience form.  there should be a button of adding experience.  clicking on the button will open new experience form.  the new experience and the edit experience form will be exactly same.  input fields  for creating professional experience or editing, professional experience are job title, employer, with a prefix button of adding link, start date, End date location,  finally description. the description will  have exact same functionality, same UI of the description filled from the education form.
3. Skills: list your technical managerial or soft skills in this section.  upon expanding the skills section, it will show the list of skills in vertical alignment.  each of the skill item should have a draggable icon at the left end,  the title of the skill,  and the visibility/eye icon  at the right end.  the new skill form or the edited skill form, which are exactly the same should have following input fields. Skill,  information/sub skills ( which will be exactly the same rich text editor of  description input field)  skill level,  a drop down with five options:  beginner, amateur, competent, proficient, expert.
4. Languages: you speak more than one language make sure to list them here.  the edit/new language form should  have three input fields. language, additional information ( the same input field of the description),  language level ( same drop down of the skill level).
5. Certificates: driver certificates, and other industry specific certificates you have belong here.  The edit/new certificate form should have only two input  fields.  the certificate title input field with prefix of adding links and the additional information,  the exact same rich text editor of description field mentioned above.
6. Interest: Do you have interests that align with your career aspirations?  the edit/add new interest form will be exactly the same as the form of the certificates.
7. Projects: worked on a particular challenging project in the past, mention it here.  The create/edit project form should have the following input fields:  project title with the prefix of adding new link,  subtitle,  start date and end date,  description ( a rich text editor same as mentioned above).
8. Courses: Did you complete the MOOCs or any evening courses show them off in this section.  The create/edit course form should have the following input  fields:  course, title, institution, start date, end date, location  and description.
9. Awards: awards like student competitions or industry accolades belong here.  The add awards/edit awards  form should have the following  input fields:  award with a prefix button to add link,  issuer,  date with three drop-down items day, month, year.  under the day and month drop-down fields,  there should be a checkbox “ don't show”. finally the same description field.
10. Organizations: if you volunteer or participate in a good course by state. The Add/Edit  organizations form should have the following input  fields:  organization with a prefix button to add link,  position,  start date,   end date,  location and finally the same description field.
11. Publications: academic publications or book releases have a dedicated place here.  The form should have the following input fields:  title with link prefix,  publisher, the three drop down fields for date ( similar to the date field of the awards),  and finally the description.
12. References: if you have former colleagues or bosses that vouch for you, list them.  The form to add or edit to reference will have following input  fields:  name with link prefix the job title organization email and phone. 
13. Declaration: you need a declaration with a signature. The declaration creation form should have the following input fields:  text, signature  upload button,  full name, place, date.
14. Custom: You didn't find what you're looking for or you want to combine two sections to save space.


 clicking on the customize button on the tab, menu of the resume screen will open a whole new set of UI on the left side bar.  Here users can choose a template from the list. Then, the user can  PICK  column style.  the style can be 1,2 or mix.  which represent one column fill the width,  two column ability to fill the width, or ability of both options. Then the user can rearrange the sections, Add Page Breaks. 


 The color mode is a complicated one.  we can modify the color of the heading area and the header text then we can modify the color of  text, background and  accent. There will be options to pick on which the accent color should be implemented.  the options are: name, dots/bars/bubbles, headings, dates, headings line, link icons, header icons.  the name option and the header icons option will take the accent color of the header area if checked.  the other options will take Kulla from the secondary area.


 next app is spacing.  we can increase the font size, the line height, left and right margin, top and bottom margin, space between entries.


 next, we can select a Font family.  the font family will be grouped by Sherif, Sans and Mono options.
The Sherif font family are:  Amiri, Vollkorn, Lora, PT Serif, Alegreya, Aleo, Crimson Pro, EB Garamond, Zilla Slab, Cormorant Garamond, Crimson Text, Source Serif Pro.
 The Sans Font Family are: Source Sans Pro, Karla, Mulish, Lato, Titillium Web, Work Sans, Barlow, Jost, Fira Sans, Roboto, Rubik, Asap, Nunito, Open Sans.


The Mono Font Family are: Inconsolata, Source Code Pro, IBM Plex Mono, Overpass Mono, Space Mono, Courier Prime.


 then we have section for the Heading. we can select different type of style capitalization for size icon if we prefer.




 once the resume is completed,  a user can select one of his existing males template and then validate the fields with the existing variables of the template also validate if a field has empty cell or filled with placeholder or get ignored.  we need to store the ignored data from the shit in another page.


 the batch mail will be scheduled.  when the Schedule  meet,  the application will convert the HTML resume to PDF with  appropriate file name. finally An array will be created  with filling of  data in necessary variables finally, that error will be sent in batch.  then we will get the response. We will check the number of successful mail sent, and the number of failed mail and we will finally store it in the dashboard of our application.


 once the on boarding flow is completed, which will have an entry input field for Google sheet URL,  creating an email template,  creating a resume or upload a resume.  the user will get the first view of the dashboard on the home screen. We will have several cards.  some card will show stats,  number of email sent number of email delivered number of email failed number of data ignored.  then following these cards some other cards with charts will be on the dashboard screen.  on the left side bar, we will have options such as email template resume builder,  mail logs, settings.